welcome tomorrow and Luigi's adventure
episode 12 all the action starts now Wow
Luigi personally beheaded no no we need
to find lily yeah you just need a ghost
or a certain um you should get it soon
yeah so now I and we just turn right
we've been here many times just don't
know how you can get downstairs car
checked remember that oh yeah just dizzy
disappear disappear like that go see ya
yeah we are spike yep here we are um I
think that the vacuum needs we need a
hurry safety Owen but I don't know we're
supposed to go or are we gonna take
cover sure there's no other way oh no
another rug we can't go that way no yeah
we just have to be around that rug when
this wasn't here Dean to this room was a
lot easier hey what ya there actually
was we actually need to cross the
kitchen let's sail away that doors in
but then he'll be harder to take cover I
know but let's just try it anyways I'd
have to go here just as easy here oh man
not another rug but I think that we've
been on this run support it's the only
one that we can't anymore we have to
avoid that moving to this cushion
between oh man a big I mean how'd that
get there wait Marley disappear thing
wait that ran off power wait the vet
comes off you still need to go on
oh that was close bojo oh we made it I
was good will jump to good there's no
rugs in here I'm glad then we've taken
cover oh is that big thing of balls only
good for us hey I think that I was about
ready to play or something let's just
not get crazy wait the backing is gonna
come here are we going to get upstairs
we're gonna have to do the ball jump
alright Bo jumped sup hero whoa we made
it now let's just go upstairs stairs I
thought we were just there but there's
bad guys up there wait I hear the vacuum
coming closer this is bad
not run to the right oh this is our only
shelter vacuums never come here before
we're safe or are we actually sounds
like it's message that's gonna come in
here even that means we're gonna have to
take shelter the vacuum uh-oh Luigi yes
remember what's a switch I think it
would be like oh no we were trying to
take shelter you are very lucky to
survive
Oh No
oh I think the carts broke in we got
attacked by the vacuum that's what
happened huh we can't repair this
sometime I don't think oh yeah we can we
just have to call Gracie oh oh yeah and
my phone yeah I have Chrissy come here
please we have an emergency you have to
get past back in too far to save us well
bring the car to a safe place from the
back the vacuums in the light yes it is
just come here I'm calling tomorrow edge
hey beat that bad wait I can't just
wrong
go around it hurry broncos game closer
good morning room where do we need a
meal hi Mario get out right bear oh yeah
honey to get to cart is safe let's get
in it but are we going to avoid the
vacuum now Oh No find out in episode 13